Context for asymmetric paths (#128)
quicwg/ack-frequency: draft-ietf-quic-ack-frequency.md

        org: Google
        role: editor

> imformative:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
informative:
```

  Cus22:
    title: "Reducing the acknowledgement frequency in IETF QUIC"
    date: 2022-10
    seriesinfo:
      DOI: 10.1002/sat.1466

>       name: IJSCN    

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      name: IJSCN
```

- Similarly, receiving and processing UDP packets can also be CPU intensive, and
  reducing acknowledgement frequency reduces this cost at a data sender.

- For some network technologies, such as DOCSIS, LTE, and satellite,
link transmission in the forward direction can depend on transmission in the return
direction. This occurs when both directions share capacity from a common link
resource pool, or when significantly more resource is required
to send in one direction that the other, or because design decisions result in
much more capacity being available in one direction {{?RFC3449}}. When traversing
this type of path, reducing the number of acknowledgments can achieve higher
connection throughput, lower the impact on other flows or optimise the
overall use of transmission resources {{Cus22}}.

- The rate of acknowledgment packets can impact link efficiency, including

>   transmission opportunities or battery life. In some cases, 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  transmission opportunities or battery life. In some cases,
```

> consumption of link resources can also impact other users that share the link or 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
consumption of link resources can also impact other users that share the link or
```

>   transmission opportunities or battery life. In some cases,
> consumption of link resources can also impact other users that share the link or
> are allocated capacity from the same resource pool.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
  transmission opportunities or battery life, as well as transmission opportunities available
  to other flows sharing the same link.
```
